Add a short organisation profile with a hiring call to action (#3)
tweag/.github: profile/README.md

## Hello from the Tweag team!

![Scale your engineering power](./banner.jpg)

> At Tweag we love using open source methods and research ideas to
> improve software quality and reliability. You might have seen some of

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
At Tweag we love applying open source and research ideas in typed
functional programming and formal methods to improve software quality
and reliability. You might have seen some of
```
.. or something like that anyway, just to get the technology themes in there.
